eid:E17	A widely shared article about an Arabic calligraphy assignment in Augusta County forced administrators to close the school due to alarming calls and e-mails.
eid:E18	West Richland Police Captain Ben Majetich said that a Circle K employee's refusal to serve a police officer stemmed from a recent, separate incident.
eid:E23	A sheriff in Carter County, Oklahoma issued a public letter urging citizens to arm themselves following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California.
eid:E24	Facebook users can receive a coupon for 40 percent off a purchase at Kroger by "liking" and "sharing" a status.
eid:E25	Jews are more often the victims of hate crimes than Muslims in the United States.
eid:E28	An FBI field agent quietly warned a Missouri sheriff's department that a propane bomb attack is expected around Christmas.
eid:E30	A photograph shows a chemtrail switch on a plane.
eid:E31	ABC Family aired "Christian content warnings" before "A Charlie Brown Christmas."
eid:E34	Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican's Instagram account.
eid:E37	New York State Judge Carolyn Walker-Diallo is Muslim and was sworn into office using a Quran.
eid:E39	PS 169 Principal Eujin Jaela Kim banned the Pledge of Allegiance, Santa, and Thanksgiving.
eid:E42	A judge has called for the FBI and U.S. Marshals to arrest the President.
eid:E48	California has banned a popular type of ammunition, the .45 ACP.
eid:E59	Jimmy Carter said that medical marijuana cured his cancer.
eid:E62	There have been more than 1.1 million gun-related deaths in the U.S. since John Lennon was killed on 8 December 1980.
eid:E63	Long Island Railroad (LIRR)?crew and police discovered a terrorist "dry run" on a train out of Penn Station.
eid:E65	A photograph shows a "crisis actor" pretending to be shot on the floor of a grocery store.
eid:E70	City officials created a "crossing guard burqa" uniform in order to avoid a discrimination lawsuit.
eid:E71	In late 2015, multiple web sites posted articles about an article titled "On the Reception and Detection of Pseudo-Profound Bullshit," [PDF] published in the journal?Judgment and Decision Making on 6 November 2015.
eid:E72	On 30 November 2015 ABC aired the retrospective "It's Your 50th Christmas, Charlie Brown!," featuring performances from celebrities?and a brief clip of President Obama and the First Lady praising the animated classic
eid:E73	A credible law enforcement source warned Bernardino residents?"it's not over" after a 2 December 2015 shooting, adding?future attacks are expected.
eid:E75	The San Bernardino shooting occurred because Syed Rizwan Farook believed pork served at a holiday party was an insult to Islam.
eid:E78	Scott Weiland, the former lead singer?of the band Stone Temple Pilots, passed away at the age of 48.
eid:E79	Two homeless people were found living in the attic of a Walmart in Tennessee.
eid:E80	Howard Stern said that he would never vote for another Democrat.
eid:E81	On 1 December 2015, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg published a status update?announcing the birth of his daughter Max, as well as a new charitable initiative in which?he and wife Priscilla Chan pledged to donate 99 percent of their personally owned shares of the social network to fund charitable causes
eid:E83	Mark Zuckerberg is giving $4.5 million to 100 Facebook users who share?a specific message on the social networking web site.
eid:E84	On 29 November 2015, Facebook user?Lisa Sarber Aldrich shared?the above-reproduced photograph of a?Meijer cake along with the following text (initially to the photo's comments, later moved to the original post's body)
eid:E85	A photograph shows a child in a wastebasket next to a sign that reads "Dispose of your ugly children here."
eid:E89	President Obama and the FCC fined ABC for airing?A Charlie Brown Christmas because it was offensive to non-Christians.
eid:E96	President Obama?is planning to send 250,000 Muslim refugees to the Navajo reservations of Arizona and North Dakota.
eid:E97	Conservative commentator William J. Bennett penned an essay hypothesizing?that Donald Trump would?be killed before he was?elected president.
eid:E98	A woman claims her glittery hair tie gave her an infection so nasty that it required surgery.
eid:E99	First Lady Michelle Obama said that "white folks are what's wrong with America" during a commencement speech at Tuskagee University.
eid:E103	On 27 November 2015, a Facebook post claiming?that a Walmart store in Medina, Ohio, had forced a Marine who was?collecting?donations for the Toys for Tots organization to do so while standing outside in the cold instead of being allowed into the store's (warm) entryway
eid:E106	An anonymous retail worker in Saginaw uploaded a video of a woman "stealing" an item from a child shopper on Black Friday.
eid:E108	Dolphins are scooped into nets and canned by cranberry farmers during harvest season.
eid:E109	Half a million Syrians have been killed and at least 12 million Syrians have been forced out of their homes by armed conflict over the past five years, and half of that number are children. This displacement has created the largest refugee exodus since World War II, with unprecedented numbers of now nationless people asking other countries for shelter. ? Variations of the above image are now circulating on social media, castigating Saudi Arabia for not putting refugees into a tent city that stands empty most of the year
eid:E111	An ambient threat posed by operatives of the Islamic State (ISIS) loomed large in November 2015 (following several coordinated attacks in Paris that month), leading to a number?of online rumors claiming?that purportedly credible intelligence had predicted?the next upcoming ISIS attack
eid:E115	Refugees are being smuggled into the United States in UPS cargo planes.
eid:E120	A photograph shows three buildings in New York decorated with window crosses for Easter in 1956.
eid:E121	President Obama has signed a bill lowering the age of sexual consent to 13, effective March 2016.
eid:E122	Texas teen Ahmed Mohamed became widely known as "clock boy" after a highly publicized incident during which he was reported by school officials and detained by police on 14 September 2015 over a clock he had assembled that was originally dubbed a "hoax bomb." On 23 November 2015, multiple news outlets reported that the law firm Laney and Bollinger (of Plainview, Texas) had sent letters to the Irving Independent School District (ISD) and the city of Irving demanding compensation and an apology.
eid:E126	Dr. Seuss created a number of biting political?cartoons, including a?cartoon featuring?a book titled "Adolf the Wolf" and a mother telling her children that his victims were "foreign children" and their deaths "really didn't?matter."
eid:E127	Missouri State University students protested to get Abraham Lincoln removed from all U.S. currency because they believe that the former president was racist.
eid:E128	A Superman poster shows the comic book hero talking to children about respecting diversity.
eid:E129	On 22 November 2015, presidential candidate Donald Trump appeared on?ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos; among topics of discussion was Trump's 21 November 2015 assertion that he witnessed footage on television of large crowd of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating the September 11th attacks.
eid:E130	Toby Keith?recorded a song and is planning a benefit concert for Syrian refugees.
eid:E133	The Secret Service?received a credible threat against Orland Square Mall in Orland Park, Illinois.
eid:E136	In November 2015, a photograph of a man named Phuc Dat Bich's passport started going viral on Twitter
eid:E139	A photograph shows a young Syrian child "surrendering" to a camera after mistaking it for a gun.
eid:E147	Tidy Cats Lightweight?cat litter is causing respiratory distress in cats.
eid:E149	The FBI warned people not to use New York City Subways due to a pending attack.
eid:E153	A series of coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris by ISIS militants on 13 November 2015 prompted a number of related debates about an ongoing Syrian refugee crisis, and on 16 November 2015 a 1938 Harvard Crimson article titled "POLL SHOWS STUDENTS DON'T WANT REICH REFUGEES HERE" appeared seemingly out of nowhere on social media sites
eid:E154	The Tennessee Bureau of Investigations contacted local police departments about a terrorist attack?planned for Black Friday.
eid:E156	The United States Postal Service will stop selling religion-based Christmas stamps in 2016.
eid:E157	ISISis using "support Paris" Facebook avatars to track and target military families.
eid:E158	Syrian refugees arrived in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in November 2015.
eid:E167	Fox News recently broadcast a deceptive?chart about?Obamacare enrollment numbers.
eid:E170	On 11 November 2015, Facebook user Anthony Giunta III published the following status update regarding his visit that day to the Millersville, Maryland Steak 'n Shake
eid:E176	It's unsafe to boil water twice, as "reboiled" water is "toxic."
eid:E178	Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz admitted that he is using the store's new "holiday cups" to lure customers to Satanism.
eid:E180	SeaWorld houses orcas in plastic bags while their tanks are cleaned.
eid:E181	Jennifer Aniston once reconnected a homeless 15-year-old single mother with her parents.
eid:E183	Photographs show a banana that has been injected with human blood in order to spread HIV.
eid:E187	The zodiac is about to change?to include a "new" star sign, Ophiuchus.
eid:E188	A 2015 study determined consumption of champagne is linked with myriad health benefits in humans.
eid:E194	Apple co-founder Steve Jobs left behind a deathbed essay about how the "non-stop pursuit of wealth will only turn a person into a twisted being, just like me."
eid:E195	Simon Malls (including?the properties Roosevelt Field and SouthPark Mall) banned Christmas trees because they're "offensive."
eid:E208	The Obama administration  has issued a ban on sending Christmas cards to U.S. military members serving overseas.
eid:E213	On 2 November 2015, Facebook user Courtney Leigh Schumacher shared the photograph display above along with a message criticizing?the popular?Wounded Warrior?Project charity and veterans service organization.
eid:E214	A series of photographs show a UFO photographed over Memphis by several different people.
eid:E215	Pro wrestler Hulk Hogan committed suicide in September?2015.
eid:E223	53 people were killed with a hatchet aboard the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California.
eid:E228	On 29 October 2015, Facebook user Jase Dillan shared a video to Facebook that was captured during a confrontation with an unidentified man who she claimed took unauthorized, possibly intimate footage of her.
eid:E232	The band Godsmack is changing their name to Powerchord due to complaints from listeners.
eid:E233	A photograph shows the phrase "Hail Satan" printed on the bottom of a cup from the In-N-Out Burger chain.
eid:E238	A middle school student in Katy, Texas, claimed a teacher "asked the class to deny God exists," as covered in a 28 October 2015 Fox News segment on the controversy involving Katy Independent School District in Texas
eid:E239	General George S. Patton said that "liberal democrats" were the lowest forms of politicians.
eid:E244	A photograph accurately depicts a worker standing on the cables of the unfinished Golden Gate Bridge.
eid:E247	The couple depicted here were arrested for a scam in which they sold real estate on the moon.
eid:E250	Police in Lumberton, Texas, placed an ad in the?Lumberton Ledger offering to assist drug dealers by arresting their competitors.
eid:E251	A new study determined that hot dogs contain human DNA, and vegetarian versions contain meat.
eid:E256	Barefoot Cellars is giving away a limited number of free cases of wine to Facebook users who like and share a post.
eid:E259	A series of photographs show Hurricane Patricia.
eid:E262	A high school in Tempe, Arizona banned patriotic apparel and Trump shirts from a football game.
eid:E277	Several people were injured in a "zombie-like attack" at a Tennessee Walmart store.
eid:E282	Contrary to reports from slanted political blogs,?the media didn't "bury" a story about an altercation that took place during a JetBlue flight from New York City to South Florida.
eid:E283	A man killed himself because a main character in the Star Wars VII film is black.
eid:E284	The Powerball and Mega Million lottery games are giving away $1 million to?people who share a message on Facebook.
eid:E292	Carly Fiorina did not say that without Christopher Columbus, we'd all be "speaking Indian" and "working in casinos."
eid:E294	A Facebook post from Benjamin Miller concerning a $2,344 fine for not having insurance went viral in October 2015.
eid:E304	A sign outside John Pearl Elementary warns potential school shooters that teachers are armed.
eid:E306	A Manhattan woman has lost a lawsuit against her young nephew over injuries stemming from an "exuberant" hug.
eid:E313	Olive Garden apologized to a Missouri police officer who claimed he was asked to leave because of his gun.
eid:E315	The federal government has removed bacon, pork chops, pork links, ham and all other pig products from the national menu for 206,000 federal inmates.
eid:E334	A meme incorrectly claims the U.S. is "3rd in murders" worldwide, but "4th from the bottom" if you subtract killings in four major cities.
eid:E335	Social media rumors claim the same girl, a "crisis actor," was seen crying at tragedies in Boston, Aurora, Oregon, and Sandy Hook.
eid:E337	No, pork isn't being banned from workplace break rooms, and "offended Muslims" didn't ask for such a provision.
eid:E339	Pundits claim CNN altered this photograph of Umpqua shooter Chris Harper-Mercer to make him appear white.
eid:E344	A forthcoming app called "Peeple" will purportedly function as a ratings service of private individuals.
eid:E348	Frau Bl&#252;cher
eid:E353	The Childress Police Chief told the Freedom from Religion Foundation to 'go fly a kite' over the removal of police vehicle decals reading "In God We Trust."
eid:E361	You cannot win a $20,000 Tiffany Diamond Eternity ring by sharing a video and liking a Facebook page. It's just another scam, not a legitimate giveaway.
eid:E365	A video depicts Muslim refugees in the Netherlands beating a teen girl because they don't approve of her Western attire.
eid:E371	Repurposed fake news article claims Pope Francis said that the Bible and the Quran are essentially the same.
eid:E376	An Onion News Network report about "brain-dead" teenager Caitlin Teagart being euthanized confused some social media users.
eid:E388	A satirical article claimed Bernie Sanders saved a three children and dog from a house fire, but the media ignored the story.
eid:E412	A widely-circulated photograph does not depict a tramp steamer carrying Muslim refugees from Libya to Italy.
eid:E415	Surge soda has returned to some store shelves, a year after Coke brought back the 1990s drink through online sales.
eid:E420	A prank news generator helped fool social media users into thinking deer hunting season had been canceled.
eid:E427	Laugh-In actress Judy Carne died on 3 September 2015.
eid:E433	Unlikely warning posits that "Black Panthers" are planning to go into schools and kill white students and teachers on 9/11.
eid:E435	A photograph showing President Obama posing next to a mile 69 marker in Alaska is a digitally altered fake.
eid:E440	Rumors claimed Snoop Dogg canceled a New York State Fair appearance due to expected gang violence.
eid:E441	Arby's apologized after receiving reports a police officer was refused service at a location in Pembroke Pines, Florida.
eid:E442	Donald Trump did not say that he would have "owned" GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson 150 years ago.
eid:E450	Mt. McKinley's former and again-current name, "Denali," does not mean "black power" in the non-existent "Kenyan" language (or any other language).
eid:E466	A viral Facebook post claims human traffickers targeted a mom at a Tampa Target store, but we were not able to substantiate the rumor.
eid:E467	Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis continues to withhold marriage licenses from local residents, even after a federal appeals court upheld an order telling her to end her protest.
eid:E491	Michele Bachmann defended Donald Trump's proposal to build a Mexico border fence, saying that it would work because the Great Wall of China kept Mexicans out of China.
eid:E498	Does a sign in Costa Rica warn hikers that a suspension bridge can hold ten people but only three Americans?
eid:E499	The sight of 37 duplicate versions of the moon is unlikely to appear in the nighttime sky on 5 September 2015. Really, really unlikely.
eid:E502	Religious headwear exemptions for drivers in Illinois are neither new nor reiterated under pressure from Muslims.
eid:E510	A Facebook user's report of a home with a walkway and stepping stones made from the headstones of veterans stirred social media outrage.
eid:E528	A fake news article reports that Walmart has recalled several tons of parasite-ridden bananas.
eid:E530	A Facebook user claimed she and her daughter narrowly avoided sex trafficking operatives in a Hickory, NC, Walmart parking lot.
eid:E535	A hoax-generating web site spread a false story about MMA champion Ronda Rousey's failing a drug test and losing her title.
eid:E552	Rumor claims that a Redmond, Washington, 7-11 stored refused to serve a young man because of his status as a military reservist.
eid:E556	Are American liberals now debating the merits of "after birth abortion"? No, it's a manufactured controversy from several years ago.
eid:E557	Did Fidel Castro predict that negotiations with the United States would only resume when America had a black president and the world had a Latin american pope?
eid:E561	Fake news reports that a Georgia man cut off his own penis with a carving knife in order to stop himself from masturbating.
eid:E566	A horrifying video captured a Chinese woman saving her child just before she was killed in an escalator accident.
eid:E574	A viral warning about gangs in Los Angeles vowing to kill 100 people in 100 days is nothing more than another unsubstantiated crime rumor.
eid:E576	FAKE NEWS Police found more than 30 cow eyeballs in a man's rectum after they arrested him for a driving under the influence.
eid:E578	Despite what you may read on social media, you still need a driver's license to legally drive a car. The U.S. Supreme Court hasn't ruled otherwise.
eid:E583	President Obama has not changed the oath of allegiance for naturalization.
eid:E601	McDonald's Chicken McNuggets are made of chicken, not aborted fetuses.
eid:E608	Fake news reports that West Point posthumously revoked the diplomas of all graduates who fought on the side of the Confederacy during the Civil War.
eid:E614	Did rapper Gucci Mane escape from prison with the help of Mexican drug lord El Chapo?
eid:E618	Chinese plants received the go-ahead to export processed chickens products to the U.S. in 2013. But are they buying chickens and shipping them back to us?
eid:E620	An intriguing image of chairs with trees growing through them does not stem from an ill-fated wedding in Poland in 1939 halted by the onset of World War II.
eid:E622	The story of a servicewoman refused service at a Minnesota SuperAmerica station because her uniform offended "foreign cab drivers" has been disproved.
eid:E623	Donald Trump tweeted (then deleted) a promotional campaign image that included Nazi soldiers.
eid:E625	President Obama did NOT say that he was going to raise taxes on "gatherings of white conservatives" such as the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally.
eid:E629	This is an entry from a Photoshop context, not a real jar of Gerber brand "Big Mac and Fries" baby food.
eid:E630	Pope Francis said mandatory sterilization of unwed mothers would prevent climate change.
eid:E635	Whether or not Pope Francis is a Black Sabbath fan, this picture of him in a Black Sabbath t-shirt is a fake.
eid:E651	A June 2015 Facebook post reported a woman's claims of experiencing an adverse reaction to the Mirena IUD.
eid:E652	Kentuckian Larry Rutman sued himself and was awarded $300,000 (paid by his insurance company) after he injured himself with a boomerang.
eid:E654	A fake news site claimed a girl in Houston was electrocuted by earbuds plugged into a recharging iPhone.
eid:E660	Pope Francis announced during a sermon that God had instructed him to change the ten commandments.
eid:E661	Federal agents raided the home of Subway spokesman Jared Fogle, reportedly as part of an investigation involving child pornography.
eid:E668	News of the death of actor Andy Griffith, who passed away in 2012, began recirculating online in July 2015.
eid:E680	An online meme claims that The Dukes of Hazzard was "cancelled," but The Cosby Show continues airing.
eid:E686	A set of photographs appear to depict a mock crucifixion of Jesus at a gay pride parade.
eid:E701	A tweet attributed to Jill Biden (about Vice President Joe Biden's reaction to the Supreme Court's decision on marriage equality) actually came from a parody account.
eid:E709	No, a Texas woman did not claim she was raped by a large pig and became pregnant as a result.
eid:E714	The 2012 Barack Obama presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag.
eid:E717	Did Dearborn's Chief of Police announce a curfew for the city during Ramadan, even for non-Muslims?
eid:E719	A gang member?died after trying to gold plate his genitals.
eid:E722	Samsung has planted a secret microchip on their phone batteries to steal data from cell phone users.
eid:E724	A Texarkana woman named Ashley Casey Martin prompted skepticism after claiming she was attacked at a Texas Walmart in a racially motivated incident.
eid:E729	A social media meme accurately details?five aspects?of Jeb Bush's record on women's issues.
eid:E730	Today is the summer solstice, not an equinox. There's no magical property about today that relates to balancing eggs on their ends.
eid:E731	Photographs depict a couple posing with a dolphin that died because the woman urinated in its blowhole.
eid:E734	Teenagers are daring one another to a 72-hour challenge (or "Game of 72"), during which they disappear for several days.
eid:E735	John Hagee, founder of the Cornerstone Church, wants to prosecute women for saying?God's name during intercourse.
eid:E740	The?Korea Times newspaper accidentally congratulated the Chicago Bears, not the Chicago Blackhawks, on winning hockey's Stanley Cup.
eid:E742	Can you really get free food at any Wendy's restaurant if you say you're lost and don't have any money?
eid:E745	Rachel Dolezal sued Howard University in 2002, claiming she had been discriminated against because she was white.
eid:E753	Golden Girls' actress Rue McClanahan died five years ago, but apparently some people are just hearing the news -- again.
eid:E755	Wrestler Dusty Rhodes died at the age of 69, but his cause of death is not yet known.
eid:E756	Christopher Lee, the actor who played some of cinema's biggest villains, has passed away at the age of 93.
eid:E769	Senator Bill Nelson of Florida has urged that the Department of Homeland Security investigate the H-1B Visa program that allows U.S. employers to temporarily employ foreign workers in specialty occupations after media reports highlighted claims that Walt Disney World used the program to replace 250 American workers with Indian workers who were brought to the U.S. to take their jobs.
eid:E775	Facebook user Terry Coffey's viral commentary on Caitlyn Jenner seemingly featured a remarkable coincidence.
eid:E776	Queen Elizabeth is not dead, but a BBC staffer's erroneous rehearsal tweet left many readers believing that she was.
eid:E784	An apartment flyer purportedly issued by a residential management company includes specific noise control instructions for "African-American residents."
eid:E788	Did Jim Bob Duggar state during his 2002 U.S. Senate campaign that rape and Incest should be capital crimes?
eid:E791	President Barack Obama saluted Americans who died in battle on Memorial Day, saying the country must "never stop trying to fully repay them" for their sacrifices.
eid:E19	Burger King has "bowed to Sharia law" and will no longer serve bacon at their restaurants.
eid:E35	Islamic State (ISIS) militants have killed at least 38 babies and children with disabilities or Down syndrome.
eid:E45	Middle Eastern men purchased dozens of burner cell phones at Walmarts in and around Lebanon, Missouri (ostensibly to carry out terror attacks); at the same time, multiple stores reported propane tank thefts.
eid:E46	A rapist used a clown costume to hide in a child's room.
eid:E61	Quoting the Bible will become illegal in Cincinnati as of 9 December 2015.
eid:E68	USAF General Chuck Yeager wrote an essay endorsing Donald Trump for President.
eid:E94	A photograph shows a group of "Syrian orphans" holding guns.
eid:E100	Donald Trump unveiled a new campaign logo that resembles a swastika.
eid:E119	Fox News reported that millions of people fled Texas after a "pot rabbit plague" resulted in dozens of deaths.
eid:E131	ISIS plans to attack a WWE Wrestling event at?Philips Arena in Atlanta.
eid:E145	Kohl's is giving Facebook users a coupon for 50 percent off any purchase for liking and sharing a status.
eid:E211	Televangelist Pat Robertson said gay people should wear specific colors so they can be easily identified by straight people.
eid:E216	The Triton Scuba Mask is a real product that allows?people to breathe underwater without the use of air tanks.
eid:E225	Donald Trump plans to appoint a radio host who has spoken poorly of autistic children as NIH director.
eid:E226	Steve Burns of Blue's Clues was killed in a car accident.
eid:E230	Facebook removed an image of "Little Timmy" saluting the United States flag because "non-Americans" found it offensive.
eid:E255	The actor who played Jake in commercials for State Farm insurance was murdered by his wife.
eid:E270	Discontinuation of in-school Halloween festivities at Seth Boyden Elementary school rapidly became a social media?controversy blamed on Muslims.
eid:E274	A British man burned a hole in his lung by vaping?(i.e., using e-cigarettes).
eid:E279	A photograph documents the capture of a rare freshwater Marquette shark off the coast of Muskegon, Michigan.
eid:E295	Donald Trump said in 1998 that he would one day run as a Republican because they are the "dumbest group of voters."
eid:E296	A photograph depicts a man who painted his lawn to look like an American flag because his homeowners' association wouldn't let him fly one.
eid:E299	No, a Harvard University study did not prove that areas with higher rates of gun ownership have lower crime rates.
eid:E307	The woman pictured here is a Brazilian model, not "Captain Balislava, a Russian federation fighter pilot who bombed ISIS."
eid:E329	A single glitch during a college football TV broadcast has been inflated into a claim that ESPN has applied a "gag order" to the on-air mention of God.
eid:E360	Consumers might want to be cautious of iOS 9's "wi-fi assist" feature, but it hasn't yet generated any $17,000 phone bills.
eid:E367	Walnuts, horse chestnuts, and the fruit from the Osage orange tree are commonly claimed to repel spiders, but evidence backing that up is lacking.
eid:E369	Unfortunately, the 'Nightmare Before Christmas' Happy Meal advertisement circulating on Facebook is a fan creation and not a real McDonald's promo.
eid:E386	Did Chipotle create a "Never Forget 9/11" add featuring two burritos in the place of the Twin Towers?
eid:E387	A number of misleading articles left readers with the impression that 'Duck Dynasty' star Sadie Robertson was gravely injured in an auto accident.
eid:E397	Irving, Texas, teenager Ahmed Mohamed was arrested and accused of creating a "hoax bomb" after bringing a home-assembled clock to school.
eid:E401	Photographs show a cache of weapons uncovered by the Coast Guard in Greece, disguised as furniture and headed for European refugee camps.
eid:E432	Seriously? Nobody is using dogs' noses to make video game controllers. Not even Microsoft.
eid:E460	Staten Island residents reported a "mystery stench" on 28 August 2015.
eid:E462	Don't believe everything you see in a meme. Even supposed quotes from gaffe-prone politicians.
eid:E470	A homeless man found a baby with seven legs in a Dumpster following a botched abortion.
eid:E481	Another manipulated photograph falsely attempts to link the Obamas with the notorious Black Panther party.
eid:E489	No, SeaWorld isn't drowning live elephants as part of a new attraction.
eid:E492	Unoriginal fake news George Zimmerman has not been hired as a commentator by Fox News.
eid:E503	A satirical meme about an Amish DMV worker refusing to issue driver's licenses has confused some social media users.
eid:E516	A suggestive AccuWeather graphic (featuring what appeared to be a phallic stormfront) caused giggles on social media.
eid:E531	Fake news reports that rapper Meek Mill is the grandson of Martin Luther King, Jr.
eid:E547	Professional-wrestling icon "Rowdy" Roddy Piper has died at 61.
eid:E550	Fake news reports that rapper Future was found dead in his studio from a codeine overdose.
eid:E560	A Facebook page was supposedly suspended for displaying a U.S. Marine Corps emblem, but that claim is shaky.
eid:E634	A Christian pastor from Vermont was sent to jail for refusing to officiate a gay wedding.
eid:E638	The U.S. government is not installing listening devices in packages of cigars. What these videos actually show are anti-theft systems.
eid:E640	Some shocked McDonald's customers who bought Happy Meals for their kids said one of the Minions toys appears to utter an obscene phrase.
eid:E649	Nobel Prize winner Ivar Giaever said that President Obama was "dead wrong" on climate change during a speech at the 65th Nobel Laureate Meeting in Germany.
eid:E655	Sen. Dianne Feinstein said she is unsympathetic to veterans who experience symptoms of PTSD because they "deserve" it.
eid:E656	A photograph shows a young Hillary Clinton posing with a Confederate flag visible in the background?
eid:E671	Redditors are in an uproar after the sudden firing of employee Victoria Taylor (u/chooter).
eid:E688	An image of a purported Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) poster warning of "Planned Service Changes" involving a simulated gas attack is circulating on social media.
eid:E692	A cartoon depicting the replacement of the Confederate flag with a gay pride flag published by the Southern Poverty Law Center was an amalgam of two separate works.
eid:E694	Venerable urban legend about a child abducted from a theme park by kidnappers who drug him, change his clothing, and cut his hair resurfaces in Malaysia.
eid:E732	The Centers for Disease Control says that urine and sweat (not chlorine) are primarily responsible for eye irritations associated with swimming pools.
eid:E66	A man killed 27 people after he underwent a heart transplant using an organ obtained from a serial killer.
eid:E69	A photograph documents a pro-ISIS rally held in Dearborn, Michigan, on 5 December 2015.
eid:E77	The Centers for Disease Control have issued a warning concerning used condoms being repurposed as hairbands.
eid:E104	Showtime announced in November 2015 that?the hit show Dexter would be returning for another season.
eid:E138	Citizens of the United States have been banned from entering the Netherlands.
eid:E177	Star Trek creator?Gene Roddenberry survived a plane crash in 1947.
eid:E179	President Obama has issued an executive order?granting a $2,350 dollar tax rebate?to every American who filed a tax return for 2014.
eid:E182	A baby died at an unnamed medical facility because its parents refused to allow a black nurse to care for the child.
eid:E198	A?video shows two men with jet packs flying alongside an Airbus 380 airliner.
eid:E227	Starbucks is giving away free lifetime passes to Facebook users who like and share a post.
eid:E253	Two photographs of the earth taken by?NASA in 1978 and 2012 document the dramatic effects of deforestation in North America.
eid:E260	Jack Daniel's is giving away a limited number of free cases of whiskey to Facebook users who like and share a post.
eid:E268	People are displaying a poster threatening to withhold candy from trick-or-treaters wearing?"bigoted" costumes such as a soldier, cop, or pirate.
eid:E351	Viral police report claims a drunk Navy petty officer used a raccoon to bypass an ignition interlock system installed in his vehicle.
eid:E403	A police officer reported that a barista at a Philadelphia Starbucks refused him access to the bathroom because he was a cop.
eid:E409	Fake news headline reports all Dunkin Donuts locations are closing after the company filed for bankruptcy.
eid:E444	Did a young man named Jammal Longmire really threaten in a Facebook post to shoot police officers? Probably not, as he doesn't appear to exist.
eid:E471	Burger King made a McWhopper of a proposal to McDonald's for celebrating the International Day of Peace.
eid:E475	The state of Florida did not pass a law legalizing nudity on all public beaches. A fake news site passed off the claim as a real news story, though.
eid:E490	Did a black woman named Amelia Bassano really write all of the plays attributed to William Shakespeare?
eid:E501	Yolanda Saldivar was found dead in prison.
eid:E525	Baseball player Adam LaRoche killed, but was not attacked by, a mountain lion.
eid:E539	Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy have ended their relationship, both Muppets confirmed at a press conference.
eid:E599	Tales about Samuel Adams producing HeliYum, a helium-infused brand of beer, are April Fool's jokes.
eid:E603	Fake news report falsely claims Caitlyn Jenner said that she looks more feminine than tennis star Serena Williams.
eid:E610	Another celebrity death hoax Tool singer Maynard James Keenan is not dead.
eid:E636	Pastor John Piper said that women who "groom their private parts" are hurting God's work.
eid:E644	Three siblings in Oakland County, Michigan, have been sent to a juvenile facility after refusing to visit their their non-custodial father.
eid:E705	Facebook user Luke Massie-Smith's response to a Walmart customer's lament over the discontinuation of the sale of the Confederate flag has gone viral.
eid:E718	A planet-changing comet will cause "climate chaos" on Earth between September 15-28, 2015.
eid:E768	A controversy about armed police response to a pool party in Texas has erupted after footage of the incident was uploaded and shared on social media.
eid:E36	Cam Newton has been fined a total of $253, 552 for giving away footballs to fans.
eid:E58	Muslims were banned from immigrating to the United States in 1952 under the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
eid:E114	A Facebook coupon offering 50% off at Target stores is real.
eid:E140	Syrian refugees in Europe are complaining about a lack of TVs, food quality, and "slow internet."
eid:E146	A photograph depicts Syrian refugees housed in U.S. luxury hotels while American veterans sleep on the street.
eid:E168	Facebook banned a user for 30 days because her use of the phrase "God bless" violated the social network's community standards.
eid:E171	Cheap soy sauce is made from the hair of Chinese convicts.
eid:E172	A man murdered his unfaithful fiancee and fed her remains to her unsuspecting parents at a barbeque.
eid:E204	House Republicans will take 255 days off during 2016.
eid:E290	Photographs show actress Betty White when she was in her 20s.
eid:E328	A grammar-checking website claimed Trump supporters possessed grammar skills that were lacking, but it wasn't really a "study."
eid:E451	A Kentucky county clerk, defying a new U.S. Supreme Court decision, has rejected requests for marriage licenses from two same-sex couples.
eid:E476	Fake news reports that Chris Christie said that teachers should be paid minimum wage plus bonuses.
eid:E493	Rumors hold that Josh Duggar maintained an Ashley Madison account, and possibly an OKCupid profile.
eid:E526	Mr. Peebles might be the world's smallest Photoshopped cat, but he doesn't exist in the physical world.
eid:E646	Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, who refused to issue any marriage licenses after the June 2015 U.S. Supreme Court marriage equality decision, has herself been married four times.
eid:E678	A "now and then" photograph show CSI actor Gary Dourdan before and after heavy drug use.
eid:E716	A viral article claims that scientists created a lab grown baby, but the article actually used photographs of a real-life preemie.
eid:E723	Readers ponder a November 2014 article reporting that British police were undertaking an effort to disarm the citizenry of "pointy knives."
eid:E741	Do these?X-ray images document a man in China whose body became riddled with tapeworms due to his consumption of sashimi?
eid:E20	The IKEA furniture chain is selling a swastika-shaped table.
eid:E56	The legal drinking age has been raised to 23.
eid:E64	A?Colorado woman comforted a teenaged Walmart cashier whose mother had committed suicide that morning.
eid:E95	The?federal government is currently paying people $3,000 per week to smoke weed as part of a study.
eid:E197	A video shows the world's first wireless bungee jump.
eid:E210	Oprah Winfrey purchased the television channel BET for $800 million dollars, pledging to make it "for black people again."
eid:E221	By participating in a Facebook "secret sister" gift exchange, you'll receive 36 gifts (or books) in exchange for one $10 contribution.
eid:E240	Hillary Clinton said?that she would?shut down the NRA and ban handguns if?she were elected President.
eid:E269	A video uploaded to Facebook shows a woman stabbing?her baby to death to gain revenge on her boyfriend.
eid:E289	A "female physician in Munich" penned an alarming warning letter about refugees.
eid:E322	Residents of a condominium complex in Des Plaines, Illinois claimed hot dogs injected with rat poison were scattered on their lawn.
eid:E341	A fake news article duped some Twitter users into believing President Obama had "suspended" the Second Amendment.
eid:E534	A news story about a man suing his bride immediately after their wedding for deceiving him by wearing makeup was a media hoax.
eid:E549	A satirical article about mandatory divorce in the Army briefly alarmed some military spouses.
eid:E580	Welcome to my aquarium, says a smiling baby undulate ray. Maybe not.
eid:E672	Oregon's Bureau of Labor and Industries has ruled that the owners of the 'Sweet Cakes by Melissa' bakery must pay $135,000 in damages for refusing to serve a same-sex couple in 2013.
eid:E673	Rumors are circulating that the FBI is preparing for a multi-city ISIS attack in the U.S. on July 4th.
eid:E691	A social media rumor claims a teen's mom saved her daughter from sex traffickers after the girl was drugged in a Dillard's department store bathroom.
eid:E38	ISIS has issued a fatwa to kill American puppies.
eid:E102	A lottery winner died after attempting to gold-plate his testicles.
eid:E137	Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan was a "vetted refugee."
eid:E236	The CDC?quietly removed pages from their web site that admitted a link between Simian Virus 40 (SV40), the polio vaccine, and cancer.
eid:E265	An official movie poster shows Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as the cartoon character Johnny Bravo.
eid:E278	The online review site Yelp has filed a $10 million lawsuit against the Comedy Central show?South Park.
eid:E281	Finally, after years of online hoaxing over the date, the day on which Marty McFly arrives from the past via the time-traveling DeLorean automobile in the 1989 film Back to the Future Part II upon us &mdash; 21 October 2015
eid:E288	MGM strapped Leo the Lion to a table in order to film the mascot for their iconic logo.
eid:E309	Tens of thousands of Muslim refugees are being  quietly  transported through Oklahoma (among other states) on charter buses.
eid:E310	Federal "gun confiscation units" have arrived in Penn Valley, California, to begin seizing firearms.
eid:E332	Facebook does not deem the display of military emblems inappropriate, despite a popular social media rumor claiming otherwise.
eid:E506	The poster advertising a forthcoming Twilight saga "Moonlight Glow" film was simply a fan tribute. No such movie is in the works.
eid:E548	Is Jimmy John Liautaud, the owner of Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches, a big game hunter?
eid:E757	Author Joyce Carol Oates retweeted a photo of Steven Spielberg with a message critical of him for "killing" a triceratops.
eid:E759	A customer at a Bismarck, N.D., WalMart reported that she found a long razor blade embedded in the handle of her shopping cart.
eid:E135	Chattanooga shooter Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez was a refugee.
eid:E267	In January 2016,?Minnesota will become the first state to make all cigarettes illegal.
eid:E275	A photograph shows?Corporal Sandy Levit, recently killed while attempting to rescue a wounded Ranger in Afghanistan.
eid:E480	A $100 off "Back to School" Meijer coupon is just another survey scam.
eid:E515	Even Donald Trump didn't say that Jesus Christ was a ¡®socialist loser¡¯ because He used to feed the poor and heal the sick.
eid:E536	A photograph showing a giant pizza is real and part of a challenge in which intrepid diners can win $1,000.
eid:E564	Fake news article claims that Sarah Palin supports the notion of re-introducing slavery on a "voluntary" basis.
eid:E624	A photograph depicts an unwitting Hillary Clinton posing next to a woman  wearing an "I'm with stupid" shirt.
eid:E710	Is the possession and sale of Confederate flags now illegal due to an executive order issued by President Obama?
eid:E733	Photographs show a 134-foot anaconda caught in the Amazon after eating?257 people and 2325 animals.
eid:E743	Oxford University Press has banned the use of all pig-related words in the books they publish in order to appease Muslims.
eid:E87	Donald Trump's grandfather Frederick Trump was a pimp and drug dealer who made his fortune running a brothel and opium den.
eid:E159	Photographs depict muscular, healthy young men entering the United States as refugees from Syria in 2015.
eid:E368	A Chicago McDonald's employee's act of kindness toward a disabled customer achieved viral popularity on Facebook.
eid:E417	Inserting a special string into a Facebook post will not tell you whether your social networking account has been hacked.
eid:E438	No, the Harley Davidson of Washington, DC, dealership is not sponsoring a Louis Farrakhan-led Nation of Islam rally.
eid:E715	Does a video show a drone airplane striking the wing of an airliner?
eid:E751	A video showing the "resurrection" of a rotten banana through the use of rice and a hair dryer is a prank, not a real tip for saving spoiled fruit.
eid:E764	Videos of a fight between two women in an Indiana Walmart store went viral due to the participation of a 6-year-old boy in the melee.
eid:E32	A photograph shows a vintage ad published in a 1950s Sears Catalog featuring a smiling family holding guns.
eid:E33	A Facebook status accurately reproduced a letter from and photo of a death row inmate who blamed his mother for poor parenting.
eid:E118	The official Campbell's customer service Facebook account insulted a customer after she complained about the brand's commercial featuring two dads.
eid:E258	Actor Bryshere Y. Gray was shot dead in October 2015.
eid:E399	A Change.org petition supposedly representing Muslim refugees demands that the city of Munich, Germany, ban Oktoberfest.
eid:E513	A Facebook user posed as a Target customer service rep and trolled critics of the chain's gender-neutral merchandise labeling policy.
eid:E577	A viral video shows a patient suffering from blunt force trauma flail chest, not from the deleterious effects of consuming 24 cans of Red Bull energy drink.
eid:E658	A fake news article claims a Philippine baby was born with stigmata, drawing thousands of Christian faithful to her birthplace.
eid:E749	Bravecto brand Flea and tick remedy is dangerous to dogs.
eid:E763	Izabel Laxamana reportedly typed eight suicide notes just hours before jumping to her death from a Tacoma overpass.
eid:E794	Don't taunt an alligator to fight you. Or even to fight your truck.
eid:E86	On 1 December 2015 Reuters published a since-deleted article titled "North Korean ghost boats, in deadly hunt for fish, wash up in Japan," reporting
eid:E107	There is a secret card hidden in the "Bigger, Blacker Box" edition?of the Cards Against Humanity card game.
eid:E110	President Dwight D. Eisenhower's mother was biracial, and thus President Barack is not the "first black president."
eid:E124	On 22 November 2015, social media users began sharing links to articles reporting that President Obama had ordered the dropping of leaflets warning ISIS militants of imminent airstrikes
eid:E280	A photograph shows Jackie Kennedy reaching for help shortly as President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963.
eid:E286	The CDC issued a warning to all Americans urging them not to get the flu shot this year.
eid:E298	A misleading rumor claims police in Bulgaria found 10,000 fake passports in the hands of an ISIS-linked militant.
eid:E319	Does the smell of a rare mushroom found in Hawaii really cause woman to have spontaneous orgasms?
eid:E355	A woman named Cassidy Boon is suing the man who saved her from drowning, claiming that he raped her.
eid:E439	A video purportedly showing how to tie shoelaces without the use of hands is actually a magic trick that employs a classic misdirection technique.
eid:E452	The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled against a Kentucky county clerk who has claimed for months that she has a religious liberty right to refuse to issue marriage certificates to same-sex couples.
eid:E468	The voice of Darth Vader has not passed away. James Earl Jones is just the subject of yet another celebrity death hoax.
eid:E479	A rumor asserts that all police vehicles bear license plates ending in the letter "L."
eid:E494	More than one fake news site has spread a story about an obese mom of seven purportedly arrested for starving her kids.
eid:E529	A year-old old rumor claiming Macy's refused to hire a female veteran who served in Afghanistan is recirculating on Facebook.
eid:E766	Contractors replacing chalkboards with whiteboards at Emerson High School in Oklahoma City uncovered preserved lessons from 1917.
eid:E789	PS 120 in Flushing, Queens hosted a carnival, but students who were unable to pay were excluded.
eid:E252	Congressman Paul Ryan only worked 97 days in 2014.
eid:E362	George Zimmerman generated widespread outrage in social media circles by retweeting a photograph of Trayvon Martin's lifeless body.
eid:E395	R.E.M. is suing Donald Trump over unauthorized campaign use of their song "It's the End of the World."
eid:E647	Does a photograph show a natural rock formation resembling a horse drinking water?
eid:E648	Controversy ensued from the news that former President George W. Bush had accepted $100,000 to speak at a charity fundraiser for wounded veterans in 2012.
eid:E739	Police say an 18-year-old Ontario man was shot and killed after he used a mobile phone tracking app to locate a lost device.
eid:E164	An anti-masturbation mascot named Fappy the Dolphin was arrested for swimming naked with dolphins at a SeaWorld park.
eid:E331	Viral image suggests Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again" hats are manufactured in China.
eid:E407	In March 2015, Long Island woman Kamilah (Kam) Brock said she had been involuntarily committed by the NYPD for saying President Obama followed her on Twitter.
eid:E562	No, an Alabama man wasn't caught having sex with a pig in a store bathroom.
eid:E591	Alternative health sites have claimed that five (or six) "holistic health doctors" died under suspicious circumstances in June and July 2015.
eid:E720	A woman claiming to be a Home Depot employee posted racially offensive social media comments in the wake of the Charleston shooting, but the situation was not what it appeared to be.
eid:E27	A single eruption from a volcano puts more than 10,000  times the amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of mankind has produced.
eid:E105	Image depicts a 102 lb. shrimp caught near Homosassa, Florida.
eid:E430	Facebook users claims a blue sensor was secretly installed on her iPhone by a Talk N Fix employee with the intent of tracking her whereabouts.
eid:E457	Wes Craven, the prolific writer-director who startled audiences with iconic suburban slashers such as Nightmare on Elm Street and Scream, has died at age 76.
eid:E514	An Oregon cat with a fondness for sharp cheddar and catching mice has become the oldest living pet feline in the world at 26 years and 13 days, Guinness World Records officials say.
eid:E532	Fake news prank claims that Pepsico is discontinuing their Mountain Dew soft drink.
eid:E643	A popular video depicting an amazing 2013 Chinese fireworks demonstration was actually created with a fireworks simulation software package.
eid:E581	Social media users have claimed that Olive Garden restaurants donate to Planned Parenthood. The evidence is scanty, to say the least.
eid:E589	A photograph shows a horse bearing a remarkable horse-shaped marking on its shoulder.
eid:E631	A viral Facebook post claims "homosexual activists" threw feces at Christians and defaced the Bible, but the allegation is old and unsubstantiated.
eid:E659	A photograph show a group of wounded female veterans who have each lost one or both legs.
eid:E478	A series of mistakes, pranks, and hoaxes have led some people to believe that whales inhabit the waters of Lake Michigan.
eid:E482	The National Cancer Institute has stated that cannabis kills cancer cells.
eid:E758	Marty McFly will be arriving from the past at 429 PM on 21 October 2015, and not a moment sooner.
eid:E185	The History Channel aired a documentary that showed a Bigfoot creature being?captured.
eid:E527	Fake news reports that a woman sued Netflix after her 16-year-old daughter got pregnant during a "Netflix N Chill" session.
eid:E650	Fake news article reports musicians Jay Z and Beyonce are purchasing the rights to the Confederate flag in order to prevent its further use.
eid:E782	A viral video of Kevin Christopherson flying an ultra-light trike close to an elk herd prompted more than 30 complaints to the Wyoming Game and Fish Department.
eid:E175	The "Rumblr" mobile app enables?people to find locals with whom they may arrange street fights.
eid:E487	Some lots of Huggies brand baby wipes are impregnated with tiny shards of glass.
eid:E543	FALSE A recently leaked tape captured actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash admitting that Fox hired her to attract "old, (horny) white dudes."
eid:E592	Fake news reports that Confederate artifacts from the Civil War Museum in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania were destroyed after the museum closed down.
eid:E600	President Obama is reportedly pushing to extend gun background checks to Social Security disability recipients.
eid:E712	A family in Westfield, New Jersey, have fled their home and are suing its previous owner over mysterious threats they claim were sent by an unknown person called "The Watcher."
eid:E727	Father?David Eckstrom underwent "eye enlargement surgery" in order to see more of his family.
eid:E52	A Facebook message requesting Christmas cards for 8-year-old burn victim Safyre Terry is legit.
eid:E248	Pope Francis has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.
eid:E263	A?woman was arrested at a grocery store for masturbating with a sausage.
eid:E297	A touching but fictional tale about a troubled boy named Teddy Stoddard and the teacher who turned his life around.
eid:E392	Twas magic that put Aleister Crowley's image on President Obama's t-shirt. Digital magic, I say!
eid:E537	A roadside farm stand sign advertising hilariously misspelled produce items isn't what many viewers assume it to be.
eid:E590	President Obama has ordered U.S. flags be lowered to half-staff in honor of service members killed by a gunman in Chattanooga.
eid:E266	High school and/or college students who present ID can eat for free at ten popular fast food chains, including McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Chipotle, and Subway.
eid:E293	A woman was arrested at Walmart for "trying on tampons and sanitary pads in the feminine care aisle."
eid:E380	Click-baiting fake news article reports that notorious mom Casey Anthony was found bludgeoned to death at an Ohio highway rest stop.
eid:E391	Frito-Lay has announced the release of Doritos Rainbows to support LGBT youth through the It Gets Better project.
eid:E627	Director Richard Donner announced that a sequel to the movie 'The Goonies' was in the works during a brief interview in 2014. But nothing's happened since.
eid:E662	A June 2015 Facebook post claims a woman's neighbor died of suffocation due to e-cigarette use, but the claim has neither been substantiated nor reported upon in the news.
eid:E707	What's behind this meme? A writer's Facebook account was suspended after she shared some of the abusive and degrading messages she received from men.
eid:E767	A British student said he paid $157 to change his name and get a new passport to avoid a $336 fee to correct his name on a Ryanair plane ticket.
eid:E49	Mexican drug cartel leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has threatened to wage war against ISIS.
eid:E615	Despite misleading articles to the contrary, Michelle Obama did not institute a new rule that banned the U.S. Navy from serving fried foods.
eid:E642	A transgender tampon, developed to "bring each trans-woman closer to the full female experience," will soon hit store shelves.
eid:E123	An image depicts a number of Syrian children killed in retaliatory airstrikes conducted by France and the U.S. after the Paris attacks.
eid:E579	Videos recently released by the anti-abortion group Center for Medical Progress have focused attention on a medical practice previously unknown to much of the public the sale of fetal tissue acquired from  abortion clinics for medical research.
eid:E173	On 11 November 2015, Billings, Montana, television station KULR published an article titled "Cabela's Employees Concerned About Future," reporting that a source (who spoke on the condition of anonymity)?had disclosed a pending merger between two popular outdoor recreational goods chains
eid:E261	Marlboro is giving away a limited number of free cartons to Facebook users who like and share a post.
eid:E508	Starting on 1 October 2015, smoking will be illegal in  vehicles carrying passengers under age 18 in England and Wales.
eid:E690	Actress Jennifer Aniston wrote that gay rights activists should be ashamed for comparing themselves to those who fought at Iwo Jima.
eid:E708	Social media reports claim Amazon.com cited a "federal law" in their decision to cease selling Confederate flag merchandise.
eid:E711	After Amazon.com pledged to stop selling Confederate flag merchandise, rumors claimed that the online retailer still carried ISIS flags.
eid:E781	Petco has apologized to the owner of a dog who died of heatstroke in a grooming dryer.
eid:E359	Images from the 'The Simpsons' showing Donald Trump running for President are from 2015, not 2000.
eid:E484	A hoax generating site caused many social media users to be duped by claims Wawa will close all locations.
eid:E132	A video shows two women drinking a bottle of helium infused wine.
eid:E202	A "daith piercing" can cure migraine headaches.
eid:E354	Did President Obama forgive Rev. Al Sharpton's $4.5 million tax debt?
eid:E396	Kim Davis was awarded the "prestigious 'ISIS Courage Award' for adhering to Sharia Law."
eid:E406	The 1998 "Saturday Night Live" cartoon segment "Conspiracy Theory Rock!" has inspired its very own conspiracy theory.
eid:E544	FALSE Donald Trump said he supported Cecil the Lion's killer and pledged to pay his legal fees.
eid:E125	Keanu Reeves posted a message on his personal Facebook page about the difficulties he has overcome in life.
eid:E338	No, a 14-year-old Texas girl didn't claim a flu shot caused her to become pregnant.
eid:E518	An image of the Hindu goddess Kali was projected onto the Empire State Building as part of a display meant to spark awareness of massive wildlife extinction.
eid:E540	Rumors claiming Disney has announced 'Hocus Pocus 2' is in production are old and unfounded.
eid:E700	Sex offenders are now required to put transparent rainbows over their Facebook profile pictures.
eid:E760	The Hamptons Police have acquired a surplus military submarine and have since made their first arrest using the newly-deployed crimefighting craft.
eid:E434	An 11-year-old shot and killed an alleged intruder during a break-in in St. Louis County, Missouri, but neighbors disputed that account.
eid:E698	The "Aspire News" smartphone app reportedly enables victims of domestic violence to covertly summon help or alert trusted contacts.
eid:E461	A photograph of what's claimed to be a pressure canner/cooker accident lacks a documented backstory.
eid:E632	The Memphis City Council has voted to move the remains of Nathan Bedford Forrest, but the measure has to be approved by the Tennessee Historical Commission.
eid:E192	A photograph taken shortly after a California "UFO sighting" depicts a dead alien creature.
eid:E311	A popular video of a hibernating dormouse does not actually depict the creature's snoring sounds.
eid:E372	Chicago TV station WGN issued an apology after a Holocaust-related graphic was used in a Yom Kippur segment.
eid:E383	Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders had paternal relatives who died in the Holocaust, but his parents were not themselves Holocaust survivors.
eid:E645	The Environmental Working Group reported that they found asbestos in four brands of children's crayons. Does this news posit a significant health danger?
eid:E82	Ronda Rousey fought five muggers off in Los Angeles.
eid:E382	A New York Times article about a huge, sudden price increase for the drug Daraprim led to social media controversy.
eid:E453	No, President Obama did not blame the shooting of two Virginia journalists on "white privilege."
eid:E664	Various news outlets report that Seattle sixth graders can obtain IUDs without parental consent but cannot buy soda at school.
eid:E750	NEWS The racial identity of civil rights leader and Spokane-based NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal has been called into question.
eid:E505	A chart created for a work of speculative fiction set in an alternate timeline has been mistaken for a true pre-colonization map of America.
eid:E770	Additional information from our ongoing investigation into the reported shaming-related death of 13-year-old Izabel Laxamana.
eid:E595	President Obama has not banned military recruiters from wearing uniforms because they offend terrorists.
eid:E772	A former public school cafeteria employee claims she was fired for providing free food to students with not lunch money.
eid:E21	Muslims recently decided to celebrate the birth of the Prophet Mohammed on 24 December (Christmas Eve) in order to preempt Christmas.
eid:E190	Photographs depict a rare "Hunter's Moon," a phenomenon that creates the appearance of two suns in the sky.
eid:E276	A video shows a real working hoverboard in operation in London.
eid:E541	A fake news article reported that Congress will soon require single mothers to be jailed if they can't show proof of employment.
eid:E617	Social media users posted objections to a target picturing a black male reportedly at a range called Shooters of Columbus.
eid:E40	Residents of a North Carolina town rejected the local installation of a solar farm over fears the technology was harmful.
eid:E370	Writers lament that the Oxford Junior Dictionary has "systematically been stripped of many words associated with nature and the countryside."
eid:E474	Chelsea Clinton did not claim she scrubbed controversial e-mail messages from her mother's private server due to postpartum depression.
eid:E446	Fake news article attributes ridiculous comments about Mexico and Puerto Rico to Donald Trump.
eid:E586	Was Sylvester Stallone so broke before he made 'Rocky' that he sold his dog for $50 and then bought it back for $15,000?
eid:E633	Effort to update gender-specific language in federal law have been mischaracterized as a plot to "ban" the use of the words "husband" and "wife."
eid:E321	A mandatory gun ownership law in Kennesaw, Georgia, caused the town's crime rate to plummet.
eid:E693	Online rumors suggest that pedophiles emboldened by the Supreme Court's marriage equality ruling are seeking "equal rights" now, too.
eid:E257	People visiting a haunted house in Texas were horrified to discover a man eating a teenage boy inside the attraction.
eid:E377	The Crisis Text Hotline allows anyone to speak with a crisis counselor by texting 741741.
eid:E414	Photographs of a rainbow over the World Trade Center in New York circulated on Twitter the day before the anniversary of 11 September 2001.
eid:E593	Fake news reports a black biker was deliberately run over after he tried to snatch a Confederate flag off a pickup truck.
eid:E206	Online accounts of a controversy claimed President Obama ordered a Chicago school to "allow a transgender boy to use the girls' locker room" or else lose federal funding.
eid:E424	Fake news article reports that Sarah Palin said Native Americans should go back to their homeland of "Nativia."
eid:E445	A plane resembling disappeared Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was found in a warehouse connected to CNN.
eid:E765	Oakland A's reliever Pat Venditte may be able to throw with either hand, but he can't pitch underwater.
eid:E47	Stanley Kubrick admitted in an interview that he helped NASA fake the U.S. moon landings.
eid:E116	A photograph shows a 41 lb rat that was caught in New York City.
eid:E568	No, Jade Helm activity did not lead to the death of a Texas resident.
eid:E519	A doctored photograph of Fox political commentator Megyn Kelly dredges up the old claim that Fox News is owned by a Saudi prince.
eid:E605	An early claim that Islamic State (ISIS) sent a Twitter threat about the Chattanooga shooting has since been debunked.
eid:E611	Not everyone got the joke in a meme claiming Tylenol sales were to be banned because picking the cotton balls out of bottles is reminiscent of slavery.
eid:E728	Michelle Obama has been chosen by the U.S. Treasury Department?to be the new face of the $10 bill.
eid:E736	A woman in Baltimore started a GoFundMe campaign after a neighbor allegedly described her rainbow yard light display as "relentlessly gay."
eid:E112	One fart burns 67 calories.
eid:E308	Schools in Milford, Connecticut, briefly altered planned Halloween activities, but festivities were never "banned" because some people were "offended."
eid:E246	On 27 October 2015, several web sites published stories about a "mysterious" object that was on a "collision course" with earth.?While it's true that an object dubbed WT1190F is expected to enter Earth's atmosphere, scientists are not concerned about its colliding with our planet.
eid:E347	Fake news reports that a former Secret Service agent revealed in a "tell-all" book that President Obama is Muslim and gay.
eid:E496	A fake news article reported that Donald Trump said the U.S. should build a fence around New Mexico.
eid:E783	Spam joins the list of rumored Oreo flavors (bacon cream, fried chicken, cheeseburger) not actually being produced by Nabisco.
eid:E237	The mass-murdering Michael Myers character in the Halloween series of films sports what was originally a Captain Kirk mask.
eid:E426	Did Pope Francis say that the "Nae Nae" was a satanic dance?
eid:E302	PIctures showing power transmission lines in the shape of "metal giants" in Iceland are conceptual images, not photographs of real installations.
eid:E326	Fake news reports that McDonald's restaurants in Colorado have turned their Play Place areas into marijuana-friendly smoking zones.
eid:E488	Would four of Donald Trump's five children have been subject to deportation under his immigration reform proposal ending birthright citizenship?
eid:E567	A city council comprising mostly Muslim members banned alcohol in Dearborn, Michigan.
eid:E778	Multiple outlets reported that two men have been arrested for manspreading, but the claim was suspiciously vague.
eid:E667	President Obama signed an executive order authorizing the opening of an ISIS-sympathetic youth center in Dearborn.
eid:E117	In late November 2015 a number of news outlets reported what appeared to be an influx of "white student union" pages on Facebook, many of which were associated with large institutions
eid:E682	While the TV Land cable channel has pulled The Dukes of Hazzard from their lineup, the show itself has not been "banned from television."
eid:E101	In November 2015, a Facebook user going by the name of Katie Brown posted a photograph of a dog with its mouth duct-taped shut, along with the caption ¡°This is what happens when you dont shut up!!!¡±
eid:E162	President Obama has issued an order banning U.S. military personnel from using the word "Christmas."
eid:E428	A school district in West Islip, New York issued a "safety alert" warning parents of reports someone tried to lure children into an unmarked bus.
eid:E60	Donald Trump has been disqualified from running for President due to his comments about Muslims.
eid:E379	Fake news article reports that a DNA test confirmed actor Bryshere Y. Gray, who plays Hakeem Lyon on the show Empire, is the son of rap mogul Jay-Z.
eid:E224	A?photograph show a rare red owl with blue eyes.
eid:E189	Marco Rubio said rape victims should be taken into custody and held if it's suspected they're considering abortions.
eid:E679	A McDonald's sign acknowledges the chain's use of "french fry grease" to warm coffee.
eid:E148	Photograph depicts child victims of the 13 November 2015 terror attacks in Paris.
eid:E411	A California Reddit user claimed his in-laws shot and butchered a pig with blue fat.
eid:E418	How many jokes can online pranksters come up with tying this year's occurrence of Halloween to the number 666?
eid:E641	Rumors of a Firefly reboot circulated on Twitter, likely due to misinterpretation of a tweet sent by Jewel Staite.
eid:E316	In recent years more preschoolers have been fatally shot than police officers.
eid:E558	McDonald's is trying out some self-service kiosks in U.S. locations, but not as a response to an increase in the minimum wage.
eid:E521	A hoax-generating site pranked social media users into spreading a false claim that the Dutch Bros. coffee chain will close in 2016.
eid:E565	Fake news reported that President Obama called for banning the display of Confederate and Tea Party flags on public property.
eid:E317	President Obama opened FEMA's "first" concentration camp in Wilcox, Arizona with plans to detain conservatives.
eid:E416	National Geographic and Fox announced the formation of a new media company.
eid:E511	A story about Donald Trump's private jet carrying a critically ill 3-year-old Jewish boy from California to New York for medical treatment is true, but old.
eid:E702	Did Senator Joni Ernst say the GOP is "looking at ways to get the poor off Obamacare right now"?
eid:E349	This popular photo of a woman with foam in her hair is of unknown source and veracity, despite numerous news stories claiming otherwise.
eid:E325	A Georgia teen contracted HIV while getting a sew-in hair weave.
eid:E161	Hundreds of casualties at the 13 November 2015 France vs. Germany football match were prevented through the intervention of a Muslim security guard named Zouheir.
eid:E454	Fake news reports a disgruntled Instagram user didn't stab her boyfriend with a selfie stick because he didn't like her photo quickly enough.
eid:E598	Lee Norris, better known as Cory Matthews' nerdy middle school classmate Stuart Minkus on 'Boy Meets World,' did not become actress Chanel West Coast.
eid:E773	The reported death of Izabel Laxamana, 13, has caused widespread controversy on social media about publicly shaming children as punishment.
eid:E687	A viral video purportedly depicting a woman's negative reaction to a surprise kitchen makeover planned by her husband is a prank.
eid:E738	For the first time in over a century, U.S. paper currency will feature the face of a woman.
eid:E26	Toddlers killed more Americans than terrorists in 2015.
eid:E287	On 18 October 2015, Ireland's RT¨¦ News reported that a 24-year-old male passenger fell ill and died on an Aer Lingus flight en route from Lisbon to Dublin
eid:E522	Scammers attempt to lure Facebook users into believing they can get a $100 JCPenney coupon for liking and sharing a post.
eid:E685	Did ten thousand Americans sign a petition to replace the U.S. flag with a gay pride rainbow flag?
eid:E754	Video of police response to a pool party in McKinney, Texas, resulted in widespread online debate and unwanted attention for several parties involved.
eid:E538	Fake news reports that infamous mother Casey Anthony referred to Planned Parenthood as "baby killers."
eid:E551	A number of web sites falsely reported that John Kerry hid a close familial connection to an Iranian official with whom he negotiated a nuclear deal.
eid:E342	Eyelash extensions are causing women to get eye lice.
eid:E356	Adam Sandler has not been found dead in an apparent suicide. The report is just another clickbaiting celebrity death hoax.
eid:E41	President Obama achieved the lowest IQ score among all U.S. presidents of the last 100 years.
eid:E76	17-year-old Emily Stone died doing the "condom challenge."
eid:E200	The coffee chain?Starbucks removed all mentions of Christmas from their red holiday cups?because "they hate Jesus."
eid:E666	Two scientists have suggested that Comet 67P could harbor a form of alien life.
eid:E363	Donald Trump violated Palm Beach ordinances by putting up an outsized U.S. flag and pole, then donating the money he was fined to veterans' organizations.
eid:E166	Hundreds of people died after eating the Patti LaBelle brand 'Patti's Sweet Potato Pie.'
eid:E517	Gun enthusiast Shawn Fuller is suspected in the shooting deaths of his toddler sons, Uriah and Josiah.
eid:E235	On 26 October 2015 the?New York Post published an article (consisting of four sentences) headlined "FBI Warns of Anarchist Plot to Ambush Cops on Halloween," claiming
eid:E343	A woman named Jewel Shuping claims a psychologist poured drain cleaner in her eyes to help her achieve her dream of blindness.
eid:E469	A gross-out story of an adulterated burger and a Wendy's worker is completely false.
eid:E725	Was Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof "taken to Burger King" after he was arrested for murdering 9 people?
eid:E324	A spoof talk show video showing Pope Francis performing a tablecloth trick was mistaken for the real thing after it was circulated out of context.
eid:E201	A photograph depicts one of nine anti-refugee arson attacks in Sweden due to a "civil war" there over refugees.
eid:E320	Fake news reports that President Obama signed a bill barring the media from naming mass shooting suspects.
eid:E613	An Illinois woman named Sandra Bland died in a Texas holding cell, prompting social media calls for additional investigation into her death.
eid:E588	FEMA hasn't warned Americans that a catastrophic natural disaster will devastate the Pacific Northwest in 2015.
eid:E553	A unusual subterranean industrial complex known as SubTropolis chugs along beneath Kansas City.
eid:E594	No, a photograph does not reveal that the inspiration for the Minions in "Despicable Me" were young Nazi poison gas test subjects.
eid:E606	Has the American Psychological Association classified a strong religious belief as a mental disorder?
eid:E746	A federal court has formally charge President Obama with treason.
eid:E385	Warning A link purporting to enable the "newly introduced" Facebook Dislike button is a scam.
eid:E29	A can of cookie dough exploded inside a woman's vagina during a shoplifting incident at Walmart.
eid:E199	On 5 November 2015, the entertainment gossip web site?TMZ published an article about Bindi Irwin, daughter of the late Australian wildlife television star Steve Irwin (who was killed while filming an underwater documentary film in 2006), and some contractual difficulties relating to her appearance on the popular Dancing with the Stars television program
eid:E234	Comedian Tyler Perry has bought American Airlines and renamed it African-American Airlines.
eid:E381	The small Michigan town of Menominee will be accepting 4,500 Syrian refugees.
eid:E587	Rumors claim Fairfax County (Virginia) schools are adding gender identity and other controversial material to mandatory sex ed lessons for youngsters.
eid:E571	Fake news articles report a real-life fallen angel was captured after it dropped from the skies.
eid:E657	Subway restaurants have announced that they are now adding peas to their guacamole.
eid:E670	A GoFundMe page for Amber Roof, sister of accused Charleston shooter Dylann Roof, prompted widespread outrage by seeking $5,000 to cover lost wedding costs.
eid:E569	A 2012 TED Talk video by Nick Hanauer about income inequality has not been "banned."
eid:E575	Fake news reports that an Xbox One forcefully ejected a disc which fatally slashed a teenager's throat.
eid:E93	Three suspicious Middle Eastern men (later found to be likely ISIS operatives)?attempted?to purchase vehicles in Virginia.
eid:E607	Seattle's mayor is involved in an effort to make home loans accessible to Muslim workers, not to force local businesses to "comply with Sharia law."
eid:E436	A viral story about a developmentally disabled bagger is made up of an old anecdote and a completely unrelated photograph.
eid:E684	A pair of Greenland islands resemble two people kissing.
eid:E726	A video shows a German man who cut everything he owned in half?after a divorce.
eid:E463	This photograph does not show a border fence between Mexico and Guatemala. It's actually a barrier between the U.S. and Mexico.
eid:E472	Pumpkin Spice Latte M&Ms are real and available in stores.
eid:E264	Muslim students removed?wooden pews from?Wichita State University's chapel because they lacked a place in which to kneel and pray.
eid:E762	President Obama has announced he will force Americans to pay slavery reparations beginning in 2016.
eid:E357	A photograph purportedly showing shooting victim Trayvon Martin at Space Camp in 2009 is real, although it's actually from Experience Aviation.
eid:E271	A photograph?shows gorgeous fall foliage in upstate New York.
eid:E780	Many skeptics now maintain the "Charlie Charlie challenge" that hit social media was just a "viral marketing hoax" for a horror movie. Was that the case?
eid:E683	Social media warnings are circulating about an increase in sharks in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
eid:E585	Is McDonald's offering a cough syrup-based drink called the McLean for a limited time?
eid:E596	It's true. Country music's top couple, Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert, have announced a pending divorce.
eid:E203	Singer Avril Lavigne died and was replaced by a doppelg&auml;nger.
eid:E220	Three-hundred and eighteen people were shot and killed on Halloween in Chicago, and President Obama subsequently declared a state of emergency in the city.
eid:E485	Despite a number of articles about "Friends Forever Tampons" (a conjoined feminine hygiene product), they almost certainly don't exist.
eid:E196	Jennifer Aniston is collecting Facebook likes in order to facilitate a reunion of the TV show?Friends.
eid:E663	Thousands of Christian couples have filed for divorce to protest the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality.
eid:E486	Rumors about an "asteroid threat" have been addressed by NASA.
eid:E621	Several media outlets were fooled by a fake news story about a woman's butt implants exploding while she was doing squats for a workout video.
eid:E787	Fake news item reports that President Obama has admitted to forging his birth certificate.
eid:E249	Price-Look Up (PLU) code stickers on vegetables and fruit are edible.
eid:E546	A quote attributed to birth control advocate Margaret Sanger likens Slavs and Jews to human "weeds" in need of eradication.
eid:E422	Is the Navy ship the USS Ronald Reagan being renamed the USS Obama?
eid:E602	Some Americans were puzzled or dismayed by the White House¡¯s not lowering the U.S. flag to half-staff after the Chattanooga shootings.
eid:E55	A photograph shows President Obama holding a rocket launcher in a car with Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
eid:E443	A photograph purportedly showing a translucent butterfly is actually an image that was Photoshopped to use soap bubbles for the creature's wings.
eid:E459	Seemingly mismatched timestamps from a tweet by Virginia shooting victim Alison Parker's boyfriend are not proof of anything suspicious.
eid:E582	A fake news article falsely claims that NASA has announced the Earth will experience 15 straight days of darkness in December 2015.
eid:E464	Actor (and former California governor) Arnold Schwarzenegger has not passed away of a heart attack. He's the victim of another celebrity death hoax.
eid:E394	Facebook user John Brantley published a status update reporting he fed a dying homeless man he found digging through the trash for food.
eid:E747	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said?that Viagra-like pills for women would increase the incidence of lesbianism.
eid:E653	Actor Johnny Depp enrolled in medical school in order to save a sick child.
eid:E345	The state of Alabama made a controversial decision to close certain driver's license officers following the implementation of voter ID laws.
eid:E572	Bobbi Kristina Brown has died at the age of 22.
eid:E184	An elderly Michigan woman was arrested for making purses out of her neighbors' cats.
eid:E22	A photograph shows "the darkest baby in the world."
eid:E425	A lesbian judge is openly refusing to marry straight people, a position comparable to the one for which Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis was jailed.
eid:E748	The potential dangers of the "cinnamon challenge" were tragically illustrated when a 4-year-old boy died after ingesting cinnamon powder.
eid:E92	Robert Lewis Dear, the alleged Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooter, was born a woman.
eid:E563	Unverified reports claim a three-month old Chinese baby was permanently blinded by a camera flash.
eid:E205	Cincinnati parents Matthew and Martha Miele have claimed that their six-year-old son was suspended for three days from?Our Lady of Lourdes School in Westwood, Ohio, because he pretended to aim and shoot an imaginary bow and arrow at a classmate during recess.
eid:E681	The Department of Justice confirmed that it fast-tracked $29 million in assistance for the families of the Charleston church shooting victims.
eid:E364	The presence of a teal pumpkin outside a home on Halloween a signals that the residents are offering non-food treats for kids with food allergies.
eid:E413	Is the Black Lives Matter movement organizing an attack on 11 September 2015?
eid:E151	Photograph depicts Muslim women in the United States with anti-American phrases (such as "Down With U.S.A") written on their hands.
eid:E384	Did Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina say that half of reported rapes were just women regretting something they did?
eid:E421	Dozens were sickened at a German homeopathy conference after ingesting a drug, but the folks involved weren't necessarily doctors nor "poisoned."
eid:E626	No, a teen girl didn't permanently stain her face with a Sharpie while doing the "Don't Judge Challenge." It's another fake news item with an unrelated pic.
eid:E54	On 26 June 1995, two young men were killed in a single-vehicle accident in Emporia, Virginia. The deceased driver?was identified as 21-year-old University of South Carolina student Michael Hager, but his passenger (who wasn't carrying any identification) eluded identification and came to be known as "Grateful Doe."
eid:E301	A satirical commentary about Did Dr. Ben Carson's losing his medical license over a series of "brainless" comments was mistaken for actual news.
eid:E785	An intriguing image of breast milk under high magnification shows it to be glittery gold in appearance.
eid:E163	While the?Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles (RMV) does not typically permit?motorists to wear head coverings or hats while posing for driver's license photos, the state does allow exceptions to that rule for religious reasons. One such exception was made in November 2015 for Lindsey Miller, a Boston woman who identifies as a "Pastafarian," a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
eid:E790	The "Charlie Charlie" Mexican demon-summoning challenge erupted on the Internet in May 2015 ... but why?
eid:E303	Former NBA star Lamar Odom was found unconscious at a Nevada Brothel on 12 October 2015, but contrary to online reports he isn't dead yet.
eid:E619	News about a police bust over a reptilian tryst in Florida is more fake news.
eid:E88	On 1 December 2015, the web site?The Drudge Report?published an article claiming that the new film?The Revenant?features a scene where Leonardo DiCaprio's character is raped by a bear
eid:E336	A photograph purportedly depicts a school project in which paintings of candlelight turned out to be highly suggestive.
eid:E500	Old, debunked claims about President Obama's birth certificate were inexplicably rehashed on several blogs.
eid:E542	A photograph used with a claim that a Russian lab had invented an instant skin whitener was shared in 2012 as a picture of a bad sunburn.
eid:E637	A Change.org petition satirically demands the restaurant and gift shop chain "Cracker Barrel" be renamed "Caucasian Barrel."
eid:E398	Did Jack Nicholson say that he was "positively against" abortion?
eid:E597	A media hoax claimed Costco removed a dinosaur cake from their online ordering options because a customer complained that it bore a hidden "demonic" symbol.
eid:E449	Ann Coulter referred to President Obama as a "retard," prompting a response from a Special Olympics athlete. But that all happened back in 2012.
eid:E358	While Mike Huckabee supports Kim Davis, he didn't claim she should be allowed to address Congress and "have her say."
eid:E473	Did former boy band member Joey Fatone pen an open letter to current boy band One Direction?
eid:E523	Retailer Target's decision to create gender neutral toy aisles has caused controversy.
eid:E455	Images showing iconic 1950s film stars James Dean and Marilyn Monroe posing together are not real photographs.
eid:E142	Russian President Vladimir?Putin said "To forgive the terrorists is up to God, to send them to him is up to me."
eid:E90	Germany and the rest of the European Union are legalizing pedophilia.
eid:E507	Relax. Articles claiming Chipotle will be closing all their locations soon are from a prank web site.
eid:E669	NASCAR is unveiling a new LGBT 'Stars and Gay Bars' flag for racing fans.
eid:E458	After American Airlines canceled service from Tel Aviv to Philadelphia, rumors circulated suggesting the carrier wished to mollify Arab business interests.
eid:E677	KFC engaged in some humorous banter with customers following a recent (disproved) claim that one of the chain's stores served a battered, fried rat.
eid:E50	Petitioners demanded singer Adele admit her success is due to "white privilege" and donate her wealth to the Black Lives Matter movement.
eid:E374	Florida man Fidel Lopez, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder after the brutal killing of Maria Nemeth, 31.
eid:E53	Oprah is pregnant with her first child at 61.
eid:E186	A photograph shows two extremely muscular female bodybuilders.
eid:E91	On 27 November 2015,?Barcroft.tv published an article titled "Model Has SIX RIBS Removed In World's Smallest Waist Bid," accompanied by a video.
eid:E674	Photographs show a crow landing on and riding atop an eagle in flight.
eid:E696	Facebook's rainbow "Celebrate Pride" profile picture filter is rumored to be a data experiment initiated by the social network to gather intelligence on its users.
eid:E675	Rumors of the imminent arrival of pizza vending machines swept social media in mid-2015, but those machines have been "coming soon" for several years now.
eid:E559	Walter Palmer, an American dentist, is accused of illegally killing Cecil the Lion after luring him out of a Zimbabwean game reserve.
eid:E231	On 23 October 2015, the SNS Outfitter &amp; Guides Facebook page uploaded images of a "giant crack" that had appeared on the southern end of the?Big Horn Mountains in Wyoming earlier that month
eid:E169	Dairy Queen ice cream is "dairy free" or "non-dairy."
eid:E410	A popular article claimed Chinese drivers commonly intentionally kill pedestrians to avoid hefty legal damages, but its assertions were not well supported.
eid:E774	It's true at least one new Taco Bell, in Chicago's Wicker Park, is slated to begin serving alcoholic beverages.
eid:E300	You can easily identify garlic imported from China due to its lack of visible roots.
eid:E792	A defendant in a Colorado courtroom enlisted a stuffed animal as his attorney.
eid:E423	No, crown tattoos are not disturbing evidence their bearer was once a sex slave.
eid:E612	Purported video "proof" of a Jade Helm conspiracy surfaced on YouTube.
eid:E703	Are Portland schools banning peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for being racist?
eid:E697	Marcus Bachmann filed for divorce from former Congresswoman Michele Bachman after the U.S. Supreme Court announced its decision regarding legalized gay marriage.
eid:E152	Japan has been able to keep Islam at bay by enforcing strict laws on Muslims.
eid:E340	A partisan political report claimed Dr. Ben Carson said that he has "no idea how gravity works" while asserting that climate change is a "hoax."  But he actually said neither of those things.
eid:E150	On 12 November 2015, a number of web sites published a video purportedly showing Muslim refugees engaging in various acts of violence. One of the most popular iterations was published?on the web site BuzzPo under the title?"This Is The Most Disturbing Muslim 'Refugee' Video You Will Ever See"
eid:E431	No, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker did not say that Labor Day should be replaced with Patriots Day.
eid:E456	Another day, another spoof quote mistaken for the actual words of a politician.
eid:E676	Donald Trump said that if black people don't like it in America, they should go back to Africa.
eid:E43	A 23-year-old Florida university student was arrested for marijuana possession and coerced into acting as an informant; she was subsequently murdered by drug dealers who discovered she was wearing a wire.
eid:E495	The racial identity of Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King has been questioned by the web site Breitbart.
eid:E378	Bernie Sanders' campaign has tried to distance him from a 1972 essay in which he wrote that a woman "fantasizes being raped by three men simultaneously."
eid:E402	A leaked photograph shows refugees in Germany displaying an ISIS flag while fighting with police in mid-2015.
eid:E243	A step-dad refused to pay for his daughter's wedding at the last minute because she allowed her biological father back into her life.
eid:E393	A Whataburger worker in Lewisville, Texas, was fired after two police officers claimed he refused to serve them.
eid:E419	Chick-fil-A restaurants have not announced they will be reversing their longstanding policy and start opening on Sundays.
eid:E477	The remains of Julie Mott, 25, were stolen from a Texas funeral home.
eid:E219	Chipotle has temporarily closed multiple locations in the Pacific Northwest due to an outbreak of?E. coli.
eid:E193	A little-known "abortion pill reversal" procedure allows patients to interrupt or undo a pregnancy termination in progress.
eid:E218	Dorothy Bland, dean of the Mayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas, fabricated a story about police officers in Corinth, Texas.
eid:E350	Liberty Counsel, which represents Kim Davis, falsely asserted that a photograph depicted 100,000 of her supporters gathering in Peru.
eid:E465	Josh Duggar sought a "brother-sister" type affair on the infidelity-based dating web site Ashley Madison.
eid:E570	Brian May, the lead guitarist for the band Queen, also holds a PhD in astrophysics.
eid:E191	Dr. Ben Carson owns a portrait of himself posing with Jesus.
eid:E752	A Department of Human Services employee may have paid a visit to the Duggars' home, but that doesn't mean a "full investigation" of the family is underway.
eid:E405	Did students at a middle school in Tennessee have to transcribe a portion of the Shahada, including the phrase "Allah is the only god?"
eid:E389	Johnson & Johnson reformulated their shampoo to remove formaldehyde, but that occurred years ago and was based on consumers' unrealistic fears of chemicals.
eid:E639	Pop star Ariana Grande may have licked a donut and stated that she "hates America," but she hasn't joined the forces of ISIS.
eid:E229	The FDA confiscated thousands of chickens from "KFC farms" due to an increasing number of "mutations."
eid:E771	Our efforts to find out more about the suicide of 13-year-old Izabel Laxamana, and its purported link to her father's online posting of a punishment video.
eid:E67	Seventy-two Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees are on the U.S. terror watch list.
eid:E554	A widely circulated photograph does not show a "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" that covers over 8% of the Pacific Ocean.
eid:E704	A newspaper op-ed likening the impact?of the movie Gone with the Wind to that of the Confederate flag led many to believe a movement was afoot to ban the classic film.
eid:E699	The Grateful Dead spent $50,000 to create an artificial rainbow for the first show of their "Fare Thee Well" tour.
eid:E713	The 1992 Clinton-Gore presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag motif.
eid:E143	The family of Anne Frank sought (and was denied) refugee status in the United States.
eid:E447	An infant named Ember Graham is missing from her Happy Valley, California, home.
eid:E786	Is the FOX Network planning on portraying Lucifer as a good guy in an upcoming TV series? Should viewers be disturbed by this prospect?
eid:E327	News outlets were fooled by a fake news report that Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman had put a $100 million bounty on Donald Trump's head.
eid:E520	TRUE Louis Farrakhan said that "if the federal government will not intercede in our affairs, then we must rise up and kill those who kill us."
eid:E497	No, Chinese people aren't riding escalators sideways out of fears resulting from a fatal escalator accident in July 2015.
eid:E242	In mid-October 2015, several web sites reported that Johnny Depp intended to buy Wounded Knee &mdash; the site of a Native American massacre in South Dakota &mdash; in order to give the land back to local tribes
eid:E737	A KFC customer found a batter-fried rat in his order of Chicken Tenders.
eid:E373	Doritos troll Mike Melgaard posed as a customer service representative to respond to critics of LGBT-friendly Doritos Rainbows.
eid:E404	President Obama has been awarded a second Nobel Peace Prize.
eid:E51	A lawyer for Tashfeen Malik asked the media not to show photographs of her face because doing so was offensive to Muslims, and MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry criticized the New York Times for publishing such pictures.
eid:E400	The conspiracy-fraught military exercise dubbed Jade Helm 15 has officially ended, without heralding martial law or a hostile takeover of Texas.
eid:E212	The McDonald's fast food chain will be closing 17,000 locations due to an increase in the minimum wage.
eid:E706	Has?Charleston shooting suspect?Dylann Roof's defense fund received more than $4 million in donations from supporters?
eid:E524	The Animas River has changed color and been closed to human access after a wastewater leak.
eid:E390	An Executive Order issued by President Obama regarding behavioral insights didn't indicate that the government plans to conduct experiment on Americans.
eid:E779	Was Army veteran Noah Galloway a runner-up to Caitlyn Jenner for the Arthur Ashe Courage ESPY award?
eid:E346	Toys "R" Us is using a temporary work visa program in order to outsource jobs to foreign workers.
eid:E429	Jailed Rowan County, Kentucky clerk Kim Davis objected to being in an all-female jail because there were too many lesbians.
eid:E533	Yes, at least one Whole Foods store sold Asparagus Water for $5.99 a bottle.
eid:E512	A Pennsylvania borough rejected a man's attempt to pay a $25 parking fine in pennies, but they cited outdated federal regulations in doing so.
eid:E245	Donald Trump said Africans are "lazy fools only good at eating, lovemaking and thuggery."
eid:E777	Did the animated series 'Family Guy' predict back in 2009 that Bruce Jenner would have gender reassignment surgery to become Caitlyn Jenner?
eid:E312	Two separate sightings of the "Jersey Devil" were reported in October 2015.
eid:E352	Rowan County clerk Kim Davis apparently did have a brief meeting with the pontiff in Washington.
eid:E555	A gang of Muslim women did not beat up a French bikini-clad woman because her swimwear violated their religious beliefs.
eid:E57	Donald Trump is related to Adolf Hitler.
eid:E144	Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was the son of a Syrian refugee.
eid:E314	Viral post claims Richard Gere give $100 to every homeless person he saw after going "undercover" as a homeless man in New York City.
eid:E761	An employee at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo stirred up outrage by posting a racist comment on social media.
eid:E217	In early November 2015 American social media users commented on and shared postings suggesting?Muslim children had expressed that they were "offended by" the U.S. national anthem, accounts of which suspiciously lacked detail about when or where the purported offense occurred
eid:E545	A wildlife conservation group reported that Jericho the lion had also been shot and killed in Zimbabwe, but it was a case of mistaken identity.
eid:E222	Anonymous?has discovered evidence that numerous politicians have Ku Klux Klan connections.
eid:E318	Republican presidential hopeful Dr. Ben Carson claimed he was once involved in a robbery at a Popeyes location.
eid:E160	Starbucks has introduced a new holiday-themed "Christian cup" that reads "Happy Birthday, Jesus."
eid:E285	Thousands of people in China witnessed a bizarre mirage of a floating city.
eid:E323	Did Muslim refugees refuse aid from the Red Cross because the packages were marked with the Christian cross symbol?
eid:E695	Walmart apologized for fulfilling a customer's cake order and producing a cake that featured an Islamic State (ISIS) flag.
eid:E616	Several articles claimed Earth is headed for a "mini-Ice Age" around 2030, but that assertion appears to be an exaggeration.
eid:E241	Chick-fil-A is offering?an?all-you-can-eat nuggets promotion.
eid:E273	A study has shown that a third of vegetarians regularly eat meat while drunk.
eid:E74	There were 162 mass shootings under President Obama, compared to 20 under President George W. Bush and 23 under President Bill Clinton.
eid:E609	No, scientists have not discovered that eating kale is dangerous and bad for you.
eid:E165	A photograph depicts the arrival of 10,000 Syrian refugees in?New Orleans in November 2015.
eid:E141	On 18 November 2015 police in Paris sent a tweet confirming that Diesel, a seven-year-old Belgian Malinois, "was killed by terrorists in the current operation (in Saint-Denis)"
eid:E272	Multiple social media rumors circulated on?Back to the Future Day (21 October 2015) that Michael J. Fox was arrested for "insider sports betting," that Nike delivered a pair of self-tying sneakers, and that the Biff Tannen character was based on Donald Trump.
eid:E437	A county clerk's office in rural Kentucky issued a marriage license to a gay couple after defying a federal judge's orders for months.
eid:E721	The batter-fried rat a customer supposedly found in his order of KFC Chicken Tenders was in fact a piece of chicken.
eid:E584	A New York Post article claims President Obama is compiling a secret racial database.
eid:E113	The first issue of?National Geographic following a takeover by Rupert Murdoch indicates a deviation from the magazine's science-based content.
eid:E291	CNN deleted a poll that showed Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate of 2016.
eid:E155	On 17 November 2015, actor Charlie Sheen appeared on?the Today Show to publicly acknowledge that he has been HIV-positive for the last four years
eid:E665	An apparent increase in intentional fires at black churches after the Charleston shooting may have been simply confirmation bias.
eid:E305	A 5p surcharge applied to plastic bags (effective 5 October 2015) is illegal.
eid:E689	The White House was bathed in rainbow-colored lighting in celebration of a Supreme Court decision affirming same-sex marriage as a constitutional right.
eid:TM1192	unknown
eid:TM1193	unknown
eid:TM945	unknown
eid:westNile	unknown
eid:SarahJessicaSurrogate	unknown
eid:TM262	unknown
eid:TM261	unknown
eid:TM309	unknown
eid:Cristiano	unknown
eid:TM787	unknown
eid:NintendoDS	unknown
eid:TM1308	unknown
eid:TM1547	unknown
eid:TM33	unknown
eid:TM2070	unknown
eid:TM816	unknown
eid:TM1789	unknown
eid:TM659	unknown
eid:TM2370	unknown
eid:Vanessa	unknown
eid:Sicko	unknown
eid:TM2528	unknown
eid:TM1267	unknown
eid:TM1911	unknown
eid:Giantcoconutcrab	unknown
eid:TM1708	unknown
eid:TM1706	unknown
eid:TM28	unknown
eid:TM461	unknown
eid:TM1701	unknown
eid:TM1700	unknown
eid:TM316	unknown
eid:PspGo	unknown
eid:HamsterOnAPiano	unknown
eid:heathLedger	unknown
eid:TM1189	unknown
eid:AnnieLe	unknown
eid:TM152	unknown
eid:TM2536	unknown
eid:TM950	unknown
eid:TM2432	unknown
eid:TM626	unknown
eid:TM2067	unknown
eid:TM1278	unknown
eid:Jhonbrain	unknown
eid:TM555	unknown
eid:Ivancamerondied	unknown
eid:TM527	unknown
eid:TM1376	unknown
eid:BarnesNobleObamaMonkey	unknown
eid:TM1103	unknown
eid:TM1372	unknown
eid:TM1101	unknown
eid:Toughbook30	unknown
eid:Englandback	unknown
eid:TM858	unknown
eid:TM664	unknown
eid:CharlieWilsonWar	unknown
eid:TM382	unknown
eid:TM418	unknown
eid:TM1803	unknown
eid:ObamaFly	unknown
eid:TM1131	unknown
eid:TM927	unknown
eid:TM1205	unknown
eid:ElephantPaint	unknown
eid:TM2429	unknown
eid:TM19	unknown
eid:TM1565	unknown
eid:TM859	unknown
eid:TM2257	unknown
eid:Peanutrecall	unknown
eid:TM170	unknown
eid:TM2395	unknown
eid:TM2394	unknown
eid:TM2391	unknown
eid:WesternSpaghetti	unknown
eid:TM2392	unknown
eid:TM2094	unknown
eid:TM253	unknown
eid:TM251	unknown
eid:TM2091	unknown
eid:TM2156	unknown
eid:TM650	unknown
eid:TM392	unknown
eid:TM1608	unknown
eid:TM748	unknown
eid:TM1958	unknown
eid:TM1157	unknown
eid:ChristianTheLion	unknown
eid:Turkishcrash	unknown
eid:TM2599	unknown
eid:surrogateMom	unknown
eid:TM930	unknown
eid:TM2525	unknown
eid:TM1080	unknown
eid:TM1896	unknown
eid:TM1083	unknown
eid:Amanda	unknown
eid:TM1085	unknown
eid:TM2455	unknown
eid:TM637	unknown
eid:TM728	unknown
eid:ObamaFishing	unknown
eid:TM840	unknown
eid:TM2006	unknown
eid:TM1758	unknown
eid:TM2459	unknown
eid:TM2320	unknown
eid:TM2084	unknown
eid:TM408	unknown
eid:TM530	unknown
eid:TM248	unknown
eid:TM1748	unknown
eid:twittersummize	unknown
eid:SquareWatermelon	unknown
eid:JenniferHudson	unknown
eid:TM2633	unknown
eid:Georgetiller	unknown
eid:TM1344	unknown
eid:TM2407	unknown
eid:TM1341	unknown
eid:TM2602	unknown
eid:TM71	unknown
eid:TM905	unknown
eid:TM704	unknown
eid:OJSimpson	unknown
eid:TM1348	unknown
eid:TM2039	unknown
eid:TM2569	unknown
eid:TM982	unknown
eid:TM1019	unknown
eid:TM2174	unknown
eid:TM2562	unknown
eid:TM1048	unknown
eid:ClarkRockefeller	unknown
eid:TM2237	unknown
eid:TM1623	unknown
eid:TM80	unknown
eid:TM1582	unknown
eid:TM1603	unknown
eid:TM508	unknown
eid:TM1425	unknown
eid:TM284	unknown
eid:JayceeDugard	unknown
eid:pregnantMan	unknown
eid:eee1101ha	unknown
eid:TM2025	unknown
eid:TM1845	unknown
eid:Airfrance	unknown
eid:TM1852	unknown
eid:TM280	unknown
eid:TM2180	unknown
eid:TM2182	unknown
eid:ByrdBillings	unknown
eid:TM622	unknown
eid:TM1018	unknown
eid:TM2100	unknown
eid:TM1142	unknown
eid:TM2605	unknown
eid:TM2108	unknown
eid:TM1535	unknown
eid:TM181	unknown
eid:TM1612	unknown
eid:TM1737	unknown
eid:TM1733	unknown
eid:TM453	unknown
eid:TM1638	unknown
eid:TM2229	unknown
eid:TM1352	unknown
eid:PlaxicoBurress	unknown
eid:TM1181	unknown
eid:TM162	unknown
eid:TM926	unknown
eid:Airliner	unknown
eid:TM2050	unknown
eid:palmPre	unknown
eid:TM1326	unknown
eid:TM1484	unknown
eid:TM894	unknown
eid:TM607	unknown
eid:TM638	unknown
eid:NikonD300s	unknown
eid:TM2298	unknown
eid:TM240	unknown
eid:TM2111	unknown
eid:TM813	unknown
eid:TM1403	unknown
eid:Dell	unknown
eid:breastMilkIceCream	unknown
eid:TM1747	unknown
eid:TM1079	unknown
eid:TM2214	unknown
eid:TM116	unknown
eid:TM1722	unknown
eid:TM1728	unknown
eid:TM295	unknown
eid:TM566	unknown
eid:TM2113	unknown
eid:TM174	unknown
eid:TM175	unknown
eid:TM47	unknown
eid:TM1171	unknown
eid:EmmaWatsonMagazine	unknown
eid:TM1458	unknown
eid:LockBumping	unknown
eid:TM802	unknown
eid:TM1044	unknown
eid:TM2503	unknown
eid:TM2282	unknown
eid:TM1554	unknown
eid:TM1043	unknown
eid:TM2049	unknown
eid:TM1315	unknown
eid:TM1491	unknown
eid:TM2607	unknown
eid:TM1495	unknown
eid:TM2635	unknown
eid:TM1799	unknown
eid:TM2418	unknown
eid:TM282	unknown
eid:TM1414	unknown
eid:TM976	unknown
eid:TM2688	unknown
eid:Havard	unknown
eid:TM1160	unknown
eid:TM1967	unknown
eid:TM1715	unknown
eid:TM688	unknown
eid:TM573	unknown
eid:josefFritzl	unknown
eid:BeefProtest	unknown
eid:TM2011	unknown
eid:TM1656	unknown
